Meeting 11/3/2024 @ 4pm
Attendees: Emily, Sofia, Leo
Excused: Dorjee
Did not attend: Carter

What has been completed?
Sofia: Worked on rendering the game, made the structure, separated out the function and the structure so that it's easier to expand, setup partials with the index.js for the login
Emily: Added messages partial, added get/post for login
Leo: Written the structure for the login page

What is still in progress?
Sofia: Working on swapping between scenes
Emily: Going to OHs this week to get postgres set up (or at least started), starting to work on header partial
Leo: Working on the login page

What will be our deliverables by Tuesday's meeting?
Sofia: Create an internal variable to test puzzle solving
Emily: Header partial (not pretty but working probably)
Leo: Login page

Future thoughts:
Sofia: Look into body parsers
Emily: I'm going to make the header beautiful <3
Leo: Plan out the different puzzles for Sofia to implement

Meeting 11/5/2024 @4:30pm
Attendees: Emily, Sofia, Leo, Dorjee, Carter?

Are there any release notes?
More formal release notes for following weeks. "This person did this on this branch etc..."
Dorjee started on the scoreboard page. Shared screen and showed "dummy" content. Plan on having a 
    global rank and using the database to show the top 10 people. Christmas theme, so no background 
    yet to reflect that. Plans to implement call from database this week. Get request to render the page
    complete as well. Code for the database call there but commented out. Background and database call
    completed by next week. 
WIP on your own branch, need three commits 

Emily talked about login page reformatting, CSS stylesheet being made, header being completed, footer 
    being formatted correctly, and tables being generated and some dummy data in init_data. Plan to get
    the db working so that we can do calls.

Cater created a footer, has a hot bar, on hover changes color, needs to figure out how to connect an 
    image to it. Having issues getting local host to open to check it works. 
In future weeks, need to commit 3 times a week, need to have a feature. Reason why we have you on branches
    is so that you can commit not fully working code but WIP code. Then when complete, push to main. 

Leo created the login page, christmas theme. Don't accoriding to the proposed wireframe template. 
    Also created a plan for four christmas games that we can work towards. Next week plans to make the 
    register page, maintain styling for the website, maybe do the footer if need be. 

Sofia created two endpoints for demos for the game. Generated two different ways to generate images, chose svg. 
    Demo page of getting an item and unlocking a key, and touching a tree and a present and it swaps between 
    images. Has some script that is primed to scale this up. Fixed the CSS stylesheet so that it doesn't squash
    the picture down into the center, now it takes up the right amount of space. Plan for next week, 
    implement leo's plans for the different pages.

No major comments, having some issues with the time bar, some guidance given on that. Go to anyone's OHs, not 
    limited to just Chloe's. Upload the minutes! Also upload the project board to canvas to get credit. 